fix: add project overview to README (issue #54) (#108)
microsoft/dcp: README.md

# Developer Control Plane

## Overview

**Developer Control Plane (DCP)** is a local application runner for multi-service, polyglot applications. It integrates your code, emulators, and containers to give you a development environment with minimum remote dependencies and maximum ease of use.

> DCP exposes a Kubernetes-compatible API (using custom resource definitions) for describing and managing workloads. The Kubernetes API is used for two reasons: first, it provides a language-agnostic way of describing the application, one that is easy to consume from a variety of tools thanks to the popularity of Kubernetes and the wide availability of Kubernetes client libraries. Second, the built-in ability to watch objects in the Kubernetes protocol allows clients to not only tell DCP what the desired state is, but also be notified about changes to the application model as a run progresses. All of this interaction between DCP and its clients happens locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DCP exposes a Kubernetes-compatible API (using custom resource definitions) for describing and managing workloads. Object status change notifications allow clients to monitor the state of the application as the run progresses. 
```
In my previous comment to this PR I tried to explain the role of the Kubernetes API, but I think the whole explanation is too verbose for the README overview

DCP integrates with development tools such as [Microsoft Aspire](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/aspire/), Visual Studio, and VS Code, enabling IDE-based execution and debugging of application components.

### Key Features

- **Local Multi-Service Orchestration**: Run multi-service applications composed of processes and containers on your local machine
- **IDE Integration**: Execute and debug application components directly from VS Code or Visual Studio

> - **Kubernetes-Compatible API**: Describe workloads using a familiar, language-agnostic API built on Kubernetes custom resource definitions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Kubernetes-Compatible API**: Describe workloads using a language-agnostic API built on Kubernetes custom resource definitions
```

- **Process & Container Lifecycle Management**: Automatically manage the lifecycle and cleanup of executed processes and containers

> - **Port Management**: Dynamically allocate unique ports across multiple concurrent DCP instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Network management**: DCP has several facilities to help with service-to-service and service-to-container communication such as dynamic port allocation, injecting port information into services and containers via command-line arguments and environment variables, stable ports for clients of  multi-replica services, isolated container networks, and a tunnel for container-to-host communication 
```

> This repository contains the Developer Control Plane tool (or DCP for short). DCP is implemented as a single binary (`dcp`) that can run in one of several modes depending on how it is invoked. The main modes of operation are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DCP is implemented as a single binary (`dcp`) that can run in one of several modes depending on how it is invoked. The main modes of operation are:
```
